[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: So much
of today's narrative about
humanity and life on
Earth is nihilistic.
So Lee Harris and I
decided to produce
a book on the future of humanity
titled, "The Future Human."
This was a channeled
work with the Z's.
And to say there were surprises
would be an understatement.
The good news right
off the bat is
that we humans will
still be here on Earth
and we will be better and better
to one another as time goes on.
There, spoiler alert, right?
>> LEE HARRIS: Yes.
>> REGINA: Welcome back, Lee.
>> HARRIS: Hi.
>> REGINA: We were just talking.
2014, we did our
first interview here.
>> HARRIS: Yup.
>> REGINA: This is our
eighth or ninth one?
>> HARRIS: Yeah.
And it's been nine years.
>> REGINA: And it's
wonderful going back,
and if anybody chose to go back
and look at the conversations
and the evolution of
the conversations with
the Z's, and what I was
interested in, what they were
willing to reveal and such,
and it just keeps getting more--
I think more profound and
kind of poignant as time
goes on because we're getting
to an interesting point
in history.
>> HARRIS: Exactly.
And I think when we did "The
Future Human" recordings,
of course, you
being you and having
your breadth of knowledge and
your own intuition where you
steer them is so interesting.
And also, I think I
shared this with you
on our last conversation
here, something
changed around 2019-2020.
And I think in tandem with how
much more serious world events
became in 2020, I noticed
a shift in how much
they would speak
about certain topics.
Because I think
they're always trying
to make sure that
they contribute
not to the fear on the
planet but to the evolution
on the planet.
So there's always
that fine line but I
have noticed they have
been far more explicit--
>> REGINA: They have.
>> HARRIS: --about some of
what people refer to as darker
agendas or control agendas over
the last three, four years.
And their reasoning
is because it's time
and because that's there
and it's more evident.
And so actually, we have to have
some level of awareness of that
in order to create
something different.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
Because prior to that,
that was kind of,
they just kept that behind
the veil, so to speak.
>> HARRIS: Yes.
>> REGINA: And so now, they are,
they're being much more bold,
they're very clear.
Yes, there's an agenda.
Yes, you are at
the tail end of it.
And so let's talk about that.
And they've been wonderful.
I loved that they were so
direct during the recording
of the book, which
of course, became--
it's an audio book
and a written book.
So what I want to do is one of
the areas that we talked about
in the book, and it's
interesting because some of it,
you don't--
well, most of it,
you don't remember
because you're not there.
The Z's are there.
>> HARRIS: And we haven't
finished editing yet.
So when I go to edit, I
will see all the material
but I don't remember
a lot of it.
>> REGINA: Yes, I remember
a little more than you do
because we're both in a
somewhat altered state.
And there were certain areas
and what's going on in the world
right now, as you mentioned
2020, prior to 2020 in America,
we had a huge split
and divide that
became emotionally
charged around
our presidential election.
Then we go right
into 2019, 2020,
through 20-- early '22 and the
world events of the pandemic.
And now, here we are and we're
seeing over the last months
play out very, very dire
events in the Middle East.
And so one of the
things I wanted
to get into a
little bit, and I'll
talk to the Z's about it in a
bit, is the notion of free will
because what's
happening right now
is all of these
books, articles, it
feels to me like a dark agenda
coming out about the notion.
People that are
supposed scientists
saying there is no free will.
>> HARRIS: It's interesting
because you brought that
information to me
several months ago.
I hadn't seen those
articles but where
it mapped with what
I've heard the Z's
talking about the
last few years is
they've said there is
essentially a frequency
war or an energetic
battle taking place
on the planet
that's been going on
in a bigger way the
last six, seven years
or in a more obvious way, and
it's really all about the soul
because that's what
makes the human unique.
We have a certain
emotional energy field,
and we have the soul
in the human body.
And so what we're seeing
now from certain camps
is this movement to essentially
remove the soul from humanity,
essentially turn humans
into robots or machines.
And I don't mean
literally, but if you
look at how our world has
started to become less organic,
less about the environment,
even our way of engaging
has started to be moved
more through technology
and less-- in fact,
there have been direct
blocking of us being
together as people.
So we're losing a part of that
organic and energetic wisdom
that we share.
And so it's interesting
when you told me
about those articles that
were talking about free will
doesn't even exist, well,
that's a direct contradiction
to what the Z's have
been talking about.
And they say that the power
of the soul and the power
of our consciousness
is what gives us
an opportunity as
humanity to shift,
not just the
consciousness of humanity
but the consciousness
of what is taking place
on this planet, how we
operate on this planet,
and cleaning up so
many of the areas
that we've all been
either unconscious of
or we have been trained
to be unconscious of.
So it's a super intense time--
>> REGINA: Very intense
time, and you're right--
>> HARRIS: --and complex.
>> REGINA: --complex, and what
you brought up a moment ago is
really important.
By having a global
pandemic, whatever
a person's belief on that
is, one thing is certain,
it's separated people
from one another.
And it made us very
dependent on technology
for about a year, a
year's period of time,
and for the really
intense part of it.
And people start
getting into habits.
This is very addictive.
Technology is very addictive.
And so now, you have people
pulling away from one another
and becoming
increasingly dependent
on this technology, which has
its own messaging constantly
via algorithms that appeal
to us and make us feel good.
So you're only hearing
the reinforcement
of what you already like
and your own position.
No surprise, we became more
and more and more emotionally
and mentally polarized
from one another
when you're being fed just
what you want to hear and never
have to consider an opposing or
even a neutral point of view.
>> HARRIS: It's interesting.
I had a kind of
experiment with this.
It was earlier this year.
And I was alone for
about five days.
I was traveling,
I was in a hotel,
and I had some things to
do but mostly, I was alone.
And so technology became
the way I was communicating
a lot of the time.
And I really
noticed a huge shift
when I started being out
in the world with people
a few days later versus what my
energy field, my consciousness,
and my mind was doing in
those three or four days
where I was going between only
technological communication
and also taking information
in technologically.
And it was so marked to me.
And I know so many people,
especially spiritual people
or sensitives or lightworkers
who have isolated themselves.
And for years, the
Z's have been saying
don't isolate unless you
are recovering or repairing
from something.
You have to be very careful
about how long you isolate for
and that was a really visceral
experience for me of, oh wow,
this is how my body, my
consciousness, my mind
responds to having a
relationship and relationships
through a computer
screen, through a phone
versus being with people.
And I think, like
many, I crave this now.
There's a certain level that
technology has given us.
But we have to be the
guardians of are we
still coming
together with people.
And I also think there is a part
of it that's more complicated.
Because when you're in front
of another human being,
unless you have a really
harmonic relationship
with that human being, things
don't always go your way
or you hit wounds or you hit--
but if you go to the computer
and the algorithms have selected
everything you like and agree
with, you have a falsely
harmonious existence
with a computer that's
a little bit like eating
food that has no calorific
and nutritional value.
>> REGINA: Well put.
That is so true.
You don't have to develop
those parts of yourself that
contend with any
kind of challenge,
really, emotional or
mental because you're being
spoon fed like we talked about.
And the other thing is not
being-- you're not able--
you're not communicating
with all the subtle energies
of a person's field.
All these subtle bodies we
have are multidimensional minds
that we have, that's all wiped
out and flattened when it's
done just through technology.
Even if you're watching
a wonderful podcast,
it's very different
when you're sitting
in the room like someone
watching this even.
It's very different as
someone sitting right here
and feeling the energy
coming off of us.
It's fabulous in that
these platforms exist.
And when I talk to
the Z's, they're
going to talk a little bit about
the wonder of what AI can do.
What it can do, but
the way it's going
is big cautionary tales here.
>> HARRIS: Well, and I should
also say that the Z's have
multiple times spoken about
the positives of technology
and the internet.
And they said like anything,
it has its downsides
and there are things
you have to be aware of.
But they talk about how
the arrival of the internet
has created a new level of
psychic field among all of us.
And it has connected
us all in ways.
Of course, now, we're at a
period where, yet again, there
are attempts to control
or direct the internet.
There are certain countries
where that's already happening.
So it's an interesting topic.
It's like everything but
there is no one perspective.
And I think the biggest risk
for all of us right now,
we've just seen it with the
events in the Middle East,
is thinking there is one
truth and taking your side
about that truth and then
trying to annihilate someone
who has an opposing truth.
Essentially what
we have done is we
have become the war
energy, the very war
energy that the Z's
say we are trying
to purge out of our system.
>> REGINA: That's true.
We have.
I mean, it would be
my greatest dream
to be able to have
a conversation
between the highest
consciousness beings, whatever
the issue is of conflict,
the highest consciousness
beings on both sides.
And look at how we could
start looking at these issues
in a completely new
way and a mature way,
in a way laced with
historical perspective.
But you're not going to get
that anywhere on the media,
right, left, or
even alternative.
It just doesn't exist.
>> HARRIS: It's true.
And one of the things with the
whole Cancel Culture Movement,
that's very tricky sure,
there are some people
who have lost their positions of
power or authority or notoriety
for very good reason because
of things that they have done.
But I think what's
so tricky about it
is the way that the media
portrays it is very base
and very low vibration.
Shouldn't we as a
society be looking to
in many of those
cases, say, well,
what do we do to transform the
situation for the person who
is now being blamed?
The people who suffered, how
do we bring those together?
Or if not together, how do we
give them the right healing
and how do we as a society
learn and look at this--
>> REGINA: That
would be my dream.
>> HARRIS: --doesn't
really, as we know,
there are different
agendas at work.
And so keeping us in a reactive
base war-like frequency
actually feeds
those other agendas
that are playing out
on a global scale.
So it's a tricky time.
>> REGINA: It is, because
it would require very deep
honesty.
And we've already
been conditioned away
from any kind of nuance.
Oh, see, look what they said.
They just admitted it.
Calm down.
And like I said, that
would be my dream,
is to mediate those
conversations.
Absolutely.
>> HARRIS: Heart.
And to me, when
heart is present,
so can a higher mind
of heart be present.
But if the heart isn't
allowed to be present,
if compassion, if an open heart,
if softness and vulnerability
aren't allowed into
the conversation,
and we're just supposed to
respond from a very base level
and fight and blame, then
we don't get anywhere.
So it's an interesting--
it's almost
like we have to move
up the chakras now
in terms of what the
mainstream consciousness is.
And I know there are many people
doing that in their own way,
doing it for the
planet, meditating.
But it feels like we're
at this moment where
it's all beginning
to hit the mainstream
and the question is, how
many people will jump
on board with a newer way of
doing things versus get dragged
down through fear vibration
into the old way recycling?
>> REGINA: That's what
they're betting on.
>> HARRIS: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Right.
So OK, so before
we get in, let's
go ahead and go to the
Z's in a second here.
And we're going to
get into all of this
and the notion of free
will, the perception that's
being proposed that we
don't have free will,
and how that prepares us for
an AI agenda and all of that.
I want to talk to the
Z's about all of it.
We have so-- there's so much we
talked about in the book about
AI but we're going to actually--
I'm going to do follow-up
questions that I
didn't get to ask in the book.
>> HARRIS: Great.
>> REGINA: OK.
>> HARRIS: Good.
A pleasure to be with you.
We are aware that we
are speaking to you
from the point of time
that is a major change here
on the planet.
You will not only see evidence
of this change taking place
in more dramatic ways
than you have perhaps
seen in even recent years.
But more than that,
this is the year
where the heart of
the change is born.
So even that which you cannot
see in the externalized world
is already being born
in this year of 2024,
which is the time of
this transmission.
So what many of you
will be experiencing
as you navigate this and will
have been going through this
some of you for the
last year or two
is enormous personal
transformation,
shedding of your own
existing identity that
ran along the track of who you
were ancestrally as a humanity.
Many of you are waking
up in more powerful ways
than you even thought possible.
Even those of you
who have been what
you might call a seeker
or a student for 40,
50, 60 years, you are
having experiences
in consciousness that are
far beyond anything you ever
thought might be possible
in your lifetime.
Some of you are very
close to the veil.
Almost like a
near-death experience
that is happening
while you are still
alive in terms of how much
you can tap into not only
your own higher frequencies
but your oversoul
and the path of
your soul journey
not just here on Earth
but galactically.
For galactic
consciousness is what
is now beginning to merge with
the Earth in this year of 2024.
So we are aware you have
many questions for us
but we will just say this.
Be very mindful
of how there will
be those who want to co-opt
that galactic energy that many
of you will be
feeling coming in.
And they will want to present
it to you in a certain way
that they have organized.
A little like the wolf
in sheep's clothing.
You will be told,
ah, this is galactic.
But the truth is
you are galactic.
There will be others
who will try and present
galactic energy to you as if
it is something that is other.
They may even try to
get you afraid of it,
and that will not
just play out in 2024,
that will run through 2027.
However, as we have always said,
from 2025 onwards, evidence
of increasing new
energy, vibration,
and more importantly, new
technology developments
on Earth that will be in
opposition with what you would
call the old energy
ways on Earth
are going to start to be
even more visible, more seen.
So to recap, many of you
feel quite disoriented.
So you should, it's a
disorienting time on the planet
structurally, where the
energy is concerned.
But many of you are
just about to emerge
into personally greater
lives than you have ever
known as possible.
And the greatest
challenge for many of you
will be to be able to
allow that through you
while also and equally holding
deep compassion and awareness
for the ups and downs that are
going on around you for so many
of your loved ones and
indeed the planet as a whole.
Those of you who embrace
the next level of yourselves
and your personal
lives will actually
start to direct your attention,
your energy, and your frequency
out into the world in
ways that will help lift
the vibration of the whole.
So it's a complex time for
many of you but so many of you
were trained for this
in Atlantean times.
This time, you
are playing it out
in a slightly more human
way but the positives
of that technology is
beginning to show in, through,
and for many of you.
>> REGINA: Thank you for that.
What a wonderful start
to the conversation.
One of the things--
and welcome, it's good to
have you back in the studio.
>> HARRIS: Good.
A pleasure to be with you again.
>> REGINA: So what I wanted
to talk about is something we
actually we touched
on but didn't get
to in our conversation
around "The Future Human."
And because it's coming up I
think as an agenda right now,
and that is the notion of,
quote, scientists, unquote,
telling us that we
actually have no free will.
They have analyzed it,
they've looked at it
right down to a
level of our neurons,
and they say, nope,
everything has been
predestined and pre-programmed.
So with that in mind, maybe--
I mean, it would be an hour-long
discussion for you to explain
the nuances of all
of it but let's
just take some recent
events, and we could even
go further back.
So the things playing
out in the Middle East
where people are at
each other's throats
and definitely
blaming one another
and taking sides
around the planet,
is this something as
a nuance of free will
that was already known
that was going to occur,
that it was inevitable.
Like a lot of world events,
if you looked at it from,
say, an astrological or
numerological point of view,
can you explain a
little bit of the nuance
around what is destined and
what is our free will within it?
And we'll use the Middle
East as an example.
>> HARRIS: Good.
We will give our perspective.
And as ever, there are
multiple perspectives and ways
to see everything.
So depending on your alignment
with our perspective,
you will either agree
with or reject what
it is we are about to share.
But first things
first, we need to talk
about this notion of scientists
and how it is a myth.
So if you take 10
different doctors
and you go to them for a
treatment for something
you are sick with, you will
get 10 varying opinions.
And you will not like
all of the opinions,
and you will not want to work
with all 10 of those doctors.
You will choose your alignment.
You will choose who fits
your belief system, who
felt the best energy to you,
and what feels true to you.
There is a weapon that is
brought against all of you,
this notion of scientists
as if they are fact.
That is a complete myth.
Firstly, you don't know how
well-educated the scientist is.
Secondly, you don't
know what the belief
system of the scientist is.
And there are scientists
who have been corrupted.
Corruption is in every
single area of life,
and what we mean by corruption
is somebody telling you
something that they have
either been paid or threatened
to tell you so that
it serves an agenda,
but they are being used
as the front person
to make you believe a thing
that isn't necessarily going
to ultimately be good for you.
So here, we want to question
this notion of scientists
have said.
A scientist said something.
Ask yourself, why
did they say it?
What led them to say it?
Is it truly their belief system?
Or have they been brought
in to say something?
So first of all, discernment,
discernment, discernment.
The biggest problem
that is happening
on your planet-- and this is
why so many of you feel so off,
and we don't even mean those of
you who are awake to this, we
mean the planet as a whole.
So many of you are being forced
to try and believe a belief.
There is no such
thing as a belief.
There is no unifying
belief on the planet.
Your world is a
multi-dimensional hall
of mirrors.
And if you don't
understand that,
you are going to bang your
head on every battle point
that one person's
opinion throws your way.
All opinions need
to be held lightly.
Why?
You transform.
An eight-year-old thinks it's
the worst day in their life
because they aren't allowed
to get the toy they want.
That same human,
when they are 80,
has a very different
perspective on what
a worst day in their life is.
Beliefs and perspectives change.
Your own will change, and those
around you must be vetted.
So this is a time where
you have to pay attention
to authoritative opinions
being used against you.
So fair enough, some
people believe there
is no such thing as free will.
And that may be
their actual truth.
It doesn't mean it is yours.
There is no provable
fact on Earth, in fact.
Yes, there are
certain measurements
that everyone will agree to but
when it comes to consciousness
and the soul, it is
far more of a mystery
than any human mind or brain
could ever wrap itself around.
Even this channeling that
is coming through Lee,
while we have a
fairly pure access
to his body, consciousness,
and mind to do this,
still there is a
filtration system,
still there is an influence.
And so that is
why for some, this
channeled information
messages will resonate.
And for others, it will not.
And that is how it should be.
None of you should be
forced into believing
one thing or another.
You are a
multi-dimensional planet
for a reason so pay attention
when your beliefs are being
shut down, when a certain group
is being subjugated, minimized.
You see how that plays
out all across the planet,
and guess what it's good for?
When you have certain groups,
roles, genders, identities
on the planet that get
marginalized, abused,
or oppressed, it serves
to create the fear
that it might happen to you.
So that is why ultimately, all
humans who come from oneness
need to return to oneness.
This essential idea that you
are actually all equal, no one
is better than another
person but society
may have decided that at
certain moments in history,
this person is of superior
value for one reason or another.
Now, we come to your question
about the Middle East.
Yes, it is destined that war
was going to rise at this time
and you are speaking
about a very historic war.
We will say the flames
have been fanned
from so many
different countries,
even though the story
you will be told
is that this is
about two countries
having an ancient fight
that has blown up again.
Yet the truth is and this
is something that all of you
are learning, all of
your governments, not
every single one, they have a
very important interest in war.
And we don't mean that
means that every human who
works in government
has an interest in war
for there are more people
working inside government
who are not necessarily
running the same agendas
that a small group are.
But what you must understand
is war is all about power.
And in the same way that an
individual will work hard
when they are unconscious
to protect their own power,
to protect their
own food source,
own needs, so too
will a country
and its leadership
while you are still in such a
polarized global culture, where
there is this them
and us mentality.
So was the war destined?
We will say two things.
You were destined
to be experiencing
the ripples of war, particularly
in the year of 2024.
This was something that was
going to rise to the surface
again as a cycle because
the energy template of war
was sown into the Earth a very
long time ago and many of you
have been here trying
to be peacekeepers,
and those who are here to
harmonize, to ripple something
different onto the planet.
But these seeds
run deep and there
are many agendas
that have decided
to fan the flames in the Middle
East because it is better it
blows up there than
in another country.
But there were three or
four potentials where
this war could have risen from.
>> REGINA: Why do you say
better it blew up there than
elsewhere?
>> HARRIS: Because it serves
the agendas of certain other
countries who would rather
not get directly involved
themselves.
>> REGINA: Oh, I see
what you're saying.
Yes.
And when we spoke during
the recording of "The Future
Human," you did mention that
we were going to be entering
a time and it's going to be--
and maybe you can share with us
a bit of that
timeline if you can--
where war will become truly
obsolete on this planet.
>> HARRIS: Yes, that is what you
are actually working towards.
And it is why there is a
great deal of galactic energy
that surrounds the Earth now.
As we have always said,
there are those of you
who believe that
other life forms
from other places,
other dimensions,
are only benevolent.
And there are those of you
who believe the opposite.
And we would say neither
is actually true.
Just as you see on
Earth, there are
all kinds of warring
factions that
have played out galactically.
That is where war
was seeded from.
War is not actually
a human development.
It is seeded on this planet.
So what you are seeing is
the horror of most of you
on Earth and the
powerlessness that you
feel around these acts of
war and these atrocities
to your fellow
brothers and sisters
because you feel powerless
to do anything about it.
And the truth is on a
practical physical level,
you have been made powerless.
You are not powerless
energetically
and you are not
powerless vibrationally.
But this moment in time is
yet another example for humans
if they choose to see
it, just like they
have been seeing in the last
three, four, five, six, seven
years on Earth, how removed
you are from governance
as a people, how actually the
game of governance and people
for a very long time was
able to be a little more
invisible in how uninclusive
it is of the needs, desires,
and wants of the people.
And right now, you
are very evidently
seeing how distorted
and corrupt much
of your governmental
influence has become.
Again, we want to qualify here
because as we say these things,
some of you get very angry
and you want to take down
all the governments
and you start
focusing on all the people
who work in government.
And we would say, mistake.
It's not about most
of the people who
are working in government.
And there are many in there
who are doing their best
to try and improve things.
It is the heart of
the system itself.
It is the way that the
system has become structured.
And it is also certain corporate
interests that have overlapped.
So it is a difficult time
because many humans will say,
well, what can we actually do?
And we will say, well,
there are many of you who've
been put on this planet
to dismantle this,
and you know
exactly who you are,
and you've been doing
it for a very long time.
You are more than
just whistleblowers.
There are people who are
positioned right now who
are doing very diligent work
to dismantle from the inside.
But then for most
of the rest of you
which is most who
listen to this,
there are some of
you who are those
that we spoke of a moment
ago listening to this,
for most of the rest of you,
the vibration of who you are
becoming, the level of
consciousness of who you are
becoming as humans, yes, even
on such a distorted planet when
it comes to harmony.
Even on a planet where there
are horrors taking place
every single day, there is so
much light and consciousness
that humans are now able to
access that it is enough of you
giving voice, body, and energy
to those frequencies that start
to naturally oppose what
we will call the dark ages,
warlike mentality
that many have been
running the show
with for thousands
and thousands of years.
That is now in its
last ditch attempt
to try and grasp full
control of the planet,
and as we have said many times,
that simply is not possible.
However hard they may try and
whatever collateral damage
may happen along the
way in their attempts,
you are at the period of history
where an energetic revolution
begins.
>> REGINA: Thank you for that.
That was beautiful.
>> HARRIS: We want
to add something.
It is very difficult for us
to speak about this to you
without many of you going
into the very fear of what
it is we are speaking about.
We don't want to in any way ask
you to judge yourself for that.
We want you to notice it.
We want you to notice that your
body slightly tightens up when
we speak about these things.
That is history.
That is the history
of the soul lifetimes
where you have been through
so many cycles on this planet
and others around war.
Please pay attention to
your own nervous system
and your own bodily
reaction because the way
to create a new
template on Earth
is to become mindful
of the part of you that
contracts when you hear,
see, or feel information
along those lines.
And to work with the part of
you that contracts, release
those feelings, let
them through you,
and then return to the light,
return to consciousness,
return to recognizing.
Even though you
do not like that,
even though you wish it were
different on the planet,
you are here to represent
and emit and become
something other.
You will not be it all the time.
You will all have your
light and dark days.
That is life.
But there are many
of you now who
are working to shed
that dark war template
reaction from inside you.
And that is important
work because then you
will not continue repeating
the same pattern in the years
to come.
So noticing how you react
to the darker frequencies
is key for so many of you in
becoming a lighter, brighter,
higher frequency
more of the time.
>> REGINA: Yes, thank you.
So you were talking a moment
ago about these scientists which
I now just call them
pseudoscientists,
the ones who perpetuate
this kind of information
because theirs is just a
science of belief or agenda.
This is no longer
linked to anything
that's provable, so to
speak, and it does not
allow for soul at all.
>> HARRIS: And science
cannot measure the soul.
>> REGINA: They cannot.
>> HARRIS: They can provide
a few pointers but it simply
cannot measure the soul because
there is no science required
to measure the soul.
The soul has its
own cosmic science.
You have to open to the
soul to understand the soul.
Many of these scientists
who are studying the soul
are trying to disprove
something that they have never
experienced.
So how on earth if they cannot
get inside the very thing they
are trying to
measure, how can they,
and why would they try and
spend their life disproving it?
A far better use
of their time would
be to engage in trying
to embrace and become
it, and see for themselves.
>> REGINA: Yes, indeed.
Well, it's not a
surprise that most
of the people that do this
particular kind of science
or pseudoscience are completely
atheistic in the sense
that we're neurochemicals
and we're cells and meat.
And so for everyone
watching this,
they know that doesn't work.
But the thing is
a large percentage
of the population can still be
swayed by this pseudoscience
as it's getting and has
been getting so much
press lately this notion
of lack of free will.
It's coming into some of our
entertainment and programming
as well.
And so part of this also
the same group of people
have convinced us that we're
naturally warring by nature,
that humans are naturally
competitive and violent and
warring by nature.
So let's talk about, A, if you
can, who seeded that on Earth?
What group or what beings
seeded the notion of war
and then these kinds
of puppeteering agendas
that are playing out right now?
And if it's not
important for us to know
exactly what an identity
is, the nature of the group
and what they're trying
to achieve out of this,
and when they're going to stop.
>> HARRIS: Well, firstly, we
will say to you that anyone
whose agenda is to try and
disprove something else that
someone believes, they
are in a war mentality.
Why spend your life trying
to disprove something
that someone else can
tell you they experience?
So many of them are the
reincarnated witch-hunters,
other forms of role
on the Earth where
they were brought in
to essentially oppose
or war against spirit.
So that is the first thing.
Secondly, the part about
how was war seeded,
who was war seeded by,
the Earth a long time
ago was very underpopulated
compared to what you see now.
So there were less beings on the
Earth, and the Earth was not,
shall we say, dimensionally
organized the way it is now.
Many of you have helped to
create through your lifetimes,
not you particularly who
are incarnate right now,
although some of
you would have been
incarnate in other lifetimes
going back thousands of years,
you have helped to
create what the Earth is.
So what we mean by this is
many of you have been born
onto the Earth in this lifetime
and told this is what Earth is,
this is what this country is,
this is what the ocean is,
this is what the land is.
But what we can tell you
is that every few hundred
years, the Earth has changed.
And the way that people
perceive, experience,
and engage with the Earth
is very different in each
of those iterations.
But what happens is
your history starts
to get rewritten so that
you can make people believe
and understand certain things.
It's why people get up in
arms about other dimensions
of reality.
There are those
who firmly believe
and have experiences about
what's going on inner Earth.
And there are
those who when they
hear about different dimensions
of reality and places
where people are
living in inner Earth,
they think these
people are insane.
And yet the truth is
there are different ways
of experiencing the Earth.
We said earlier, it's a hall
of mirrors, and we meant it.
How you see the
Earth dimensionally
affects what you
actually experience.
So the war was implanted
here because a long time ago,
Earth was seen as a
planet that was going
to be one of great evolution.
There was an idea
that you could create
what we will call a--
what you might call
a superhuman but a being
that in your physical terms
would be at least
12-foot tall or more
and would be a light
being with a human body
but an elongated human
body to what you know now.
That was the idea of a
certain race who wanted
to seed that here on Earth.
And at that time,
there was a war
for this planet that was going
on in a way that was, shall we
say, energetic in nature.
It was not a physicalized war.
It was a very advanced war.
And so during that
period of time,
what we refer to
as a "clamp" was
placed on Earth
and the possibility
of the development of Earth.
The idea was that
the human could
evolve very fast into this what
we will call super human being.
But that clamp stopped
this from being allowed.
And the way that
the clamp works is
to keep the human
being in all of what
you might call the lower chakra
limitations, to not allow
them to open up the higher
chakras in a way that then
permeates through
the energy field.
So for example, if someone
opens their third eye,
meaning they start having
psychic and visionary
experiences, if they are capable
of going with that opening,
it will start to flood every
other part of their being.
It will open their heart.
It will open their
other chakras.
It will start to
illuminate their being.
But because you have
all been trained
in such compartmentalized
logical and, if you like,
boxed ways as to how
you are as human beings,
often you stop at the third eye.
You open your intuition,
your psychic development,
but you don't know how
to take it into the body
and that's no one's fault other
than the training on Earth
and the clamp that
we speak about.
So there was a time when
Earth was going to be,
shall we say, used
by a certain race.
And that war did not come to
fruition but the seeds of war
that were planted
here and that what
we will call "takeover" that
was never able to happen,
it left the seeds of war that
other races could co-opt.
And two of them did,
and they are still,
in many ways, influencing Earth
and having their own war that
is completely separate to
what is going on in humanity.
And so as we give you all of
this information, what's tricky
maybe for you to grasp
is this sounds ludicrous
or it doesn't sound true or
it sounds more complicated.
Well, yes, because
you have been so far
removed from this history
that it doesn't always
make sense to your mind.
But here is the bigger point.
Many of you are now
remembering and not the facts
that we are speaking about
here, and again, those
are facts that only certain
people will believe or align
with because everything
is a hall of mirrors
and a perspective game.
But there are many of you
who are beginning to realize
your galactic origins.
It's why for periods
of time, many of you
were so interested
in off-world events.
It's not that you were
interested in off-world events,
it's that you were
remembering that you also
are an off-worlder in another
time and in another dimension.
So you are slowly cycling
through this evolutionary dance
where you get to
not only come back
to the origin of when and
how and why war was seated
on this planet,
but you also start
to create an energy
field in yourself
as humans that will, in
fact, repel and purge
that war template that
was sown on Earth.
We say it will take quite
a while to get there,
but this war in the
Middle East that you
focus for this
conversation is a big part
of humanity's shift in
awareness and desire
and tolerance around war.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
And so going to taking
it from the macro view
that you just gave
us, so those who
have co-opted this
agenda for clamping
and are perhaps even influencing
us greatly through technology,
AI, algorithms, and
so forth at this time,
seems like it's almost the
last playing field to co-opt
the mind, co-opt the sense that
we have sovereignty, free will,
and connection to one another.
How are those forces
feeling right now
with the awakening of people
occurring on the planet?
>> HARRIS: More nervous
than you would believe.
But then nervousness does
not show up emotionally
for they are not emotional
the way humans are.
There is a race for some of
them to preserve their own life
and their own, what
you would call,
line as well as livelihoods.
And that race is very
primal inside them.
That desire to preserve
is a very primal instinct.
Many of them have, we
will say, through the ages
lost more of what we would
call desired humanity.
For part of the
attraction to being
on Earth was there were
energies seeded here that
would create this, we will
say, emotional superhuman.
We don't mean emotional as in
lots of crying and feeling.
We mean emotional
on a sensory level.
One of the reasons that you
are a very emotional set
of creatures is because your
sensory and intuitive nature is
what we will call "blocked."
So everything goes
into big deep emotions
that run through the
central core of your body.
That is not what you
are designed to be.
That level of what some of
you will jokingly or sometimes
judgingly call "human
drama" is, in fact,
the human impulse
system that isn't
able to become the sensory
intuitive fully-fledged being
that the super human you
is designed to become.
So where you get
arrested emotionally
is part of what you might call
the ups and downs of life,
but many were attracted to this.
So this specific race
that we are speaking of,
in fact, there are two
who are in competition
and, of course, there
are other interests, too,
because Earth is a
primary planet right now.
Earth is a planet
that still holds
a great deal of consciousness
and enlightenment potential.
And unlike those of
you who are humans
who want to see that
come to fruition,
that is an energy generator.
And so they are feeding
off that energy.
They want to siphon the
energy that is generated.
Much like you would speak of
solar power or other sources
of new energy,
there is an energy
that those beings
want to feed off
in the rise of consciousness.
But in order to
successfully feed off it,
they have to first
trap and contain it.
They can't feed off
it if it becomes
more powerful than their level,
which is the decade that you
are now in.
>> REGINA: So the original
template to create this
superhuman, one of the things
we talked about quite a bit
in the book but we don't
have time to talk about now,
is that our way of using mind
is moving into the heart.
This is against
all those agendas
that are being perpetuated,
against humanity and the AI
influence on humanity.
So people can read the book or
listen to the book for that,
but are we ultimately
going to end up
in some form of this
what you call superhuman?
>> HARRIS: In your lifetime,
it is going to depend
on the individual.
There are many of you
who will become that
and already are in many ways.
But you will not
in your lifetimes
see the entire
population become that.
We should clarify the two
most important energies
for you right now are
heart and intuition.
We don't necessarily
mean intuition
being able to predict.
We mean intuition, your sense,
your ability to discern,
your ability to feel truth,
rather than let your mind tell
you what the truth is because
someone else has told you it.
You spoke earlier about
people who are easily swayed.
There are two reasons
people are easily
swayed by someone else's
mind because they don't know
their own mind, because they
haven't been able to experience
the sovereignty to discover
who they are, what they are,
why they're here.
Or, they are swayed
because it completely
fits what feels most
comfortable to them.
So they are being backed up
by this person's opinion.
But to your point
and your question
here, the heart
and the intuition
are the two most important
areas of development
in the coming years and
decades for you as a humanity.
It is why you are
being steered away
from so many of those energies
in many different ways.
It is why you also have a
certain level of organization
around your heart.
You see, the way
to keep people away
from the greater level
or power of something
is to tell people
what it is, tell them
how they can experience
it, and then limit its use.
So there is a great
celebration of kindness.
We will give you
an example here.
To go back to the
war agenda and how
it moves through your
competitive shows,
we'll talk about your television
shows that so many of you
are focused on.
There are these contests
that take place,
whether it is dancing,
whether it is singing.
And many of you are focused
on the emotional side
of those shows but there are
still winners and losers.
War is sewn into it.
So you see, you are given that
taste of what it is you crave,
which is connection,
emotion, heart.
But you are also fed a winner
and loser competitive side.
So it is always limited.
So the heart and intuition that
are coming online for so many
of you right now is so important
because those are the areas
that cannot actually be touched
but you can stop somebody from
opening to those if you
sow enough fear and control
into them and their life.
>> REGINA: Hear, hear, thank
you so much for sharing that
at the end.
And believe it or not,
we've barely started,
we're out of time.
I want to thank you so much for
adding even more to the hours
and hours of conversation
we had recently that created
"The Future Human."
>> HARRIS: There is
no need for thanks.
It is our pleasure.
Thank you for your facilitation
and to all who are tuning in.
We know it is a
precarious time on Earth
and it can be heavy
on your hearts.
But understand all
of you came here
for a mission, a mission of
light, consciousness, love.
And some days, you will
be out of touch with that
and you will only be in
touch with your humanity.
There is nothing wrong
with being in touch
with your humanity, it is the
way through which many of you
are experiencing
your enlightenment.
But remember, if
your vibration drops,
if a person or a
piece of information
makes your vibration drop,
pay attention and reset.
That is how you keep
yourself clean, clear,
and powerful in these times.
>> REGINA: Thank you.
>> HARRIS: In peace and in love.
>> REGINA: Welcome back.
Goodbye.
>> HARRIS: Thank you.
>> REGINA: We're out of time.
>> HARRIS: Seemed so quick.
>> REGINA: Oh my god, it
felt like five minutes.
It just flew.
Lot of good information
from the Z's as always.
And there were
some wonderful kind
of knock-ons from
the conversation
we had in the book as well.
So I think people
will have a chance
to kind of see what the genesis
of some of those questions
were.
Beautiful information,
very powerful.
>> HARRIS: Great.
Thank you.
>> REGINA: Lee, thank you so
much for lending yourself to us
once again.
So this is what, eight or nine?
We'll see you and we'll see
you on book-- on show 10
with another book.
>> HARRIS: Yeah, absolutely.
>> REGINA: Thank you, my dear.
The book's title is
"The Future Human,"
and we'll both be delighted to
hear your thoughts after either
reading or listening
to the book.
There's so much to engage with
there and chew on in its pages.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[AUDIO LOGO]